Readme.md, before:

# Win32PrioritySeparation Tool

It's' a tool to quickly adjust Win32 Priority Separation Registry Key On Windows.

According to the input lag discussion on the [Thread](https://forums.blurbusters.com/viewtopic.php?t=8535) On Blur Busters forum.

This tool can be easily adjusted.

![1710398847171](image/Readme/1710398847171.png)

## Download

Current Release: [v1.0.0](https://github.com/keoy7am/Win32PrioritySeparationTool/releases/download/v1.0.0/Win32PrioritySeparationTool_1.0.0.zip)

## Usage

Just choose which option you prefer.  
ref: [https://forums.guru3d.com/threads/faq-of-the-software-operating-systems-section.155424/#post-1451631](https://forums.guru3d.com/threads/faq-of-the-software-operating-systems-section.155424/#post-1451631)

| **Decimal** | **Hex** | **Description**                     |
| ----------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| 2                 | 2             | Windows Default.                          |
| 20                | 14            | Long, Variable, No foreground boost.      |
| 21                | 15            | Long, Variable, Medium foreground boost.  |
| 22                | 16            | Long, Variable, High foreground boost.    |
| 24                | 18            | Long, Fixed, No foreground boost.         |
| 25                | 19            | Long, Fixed, Medium foreground boost.     |
| 26                | 1A            | Long, Fixed, High foreground boost.       |
| 36                | 24            | Short, Variable, No foreground boost.     |
| 37                | 25            | Short, Variable, Medium foreground boost. |
| 38                | 26            | Short, Variable, High foreground boost.   |
| 40                | 28            | Short, Fixed, No foreground boost.        |
| 41                | 29            | Short, Fixed, Medium foreground boost.    |
| 42                | 2A            | Short, Fixed, High foreground boost.      |

Commit message:

- Expand selectable values to full supported range while excluding reserved foreground-boost entries - Show values as stacked Decimal + Hex labels and add current Hex display beside LED - Fix selection behavior:   - prevent deselecting current value on re-click   - prevent stale tick carryover after sorting/filtering   - normalize unsupported/reserved registry value to default - Add right-side “Current Profile” panel with live characteristics:   - Quantum Length   - Quantum Type   - Foreground Boost   - Priority Separation - Add sort controls for Length/Type/Boost and filter grid values dynamically - Improve layout/scaling:   - 8x6 value grid   - matched left/right panel borders and sizing tweaks   - centered sorter row between title bar and grid - Add dark mode with persisted user preference across app restarts - Improve dark-theme rendering for combo boxes and checkbox grid - Translate remaining Chinese text/comments/resources to English - Update README with fork addendum, attribution, inspiration, and value source links

Readme.md, after:

## Addendum (Fork Notes)

This project is a fork of [keoy7am/Win32PrioritySeparationTool](https://github.com/keoy7am/Win32PrioritySeparationTool).

This fork adds:
- Expanded values
- Decimal and hex values in the UI
- A characteristics window
- Sorter controls

Implementation and UX were inspired by [LuSlower/win32ps-changer](https://github.com/LuSlower/win32ps-changer).

Value reference source: [khorvie.tech/win32priorityseparation](https://khorvie.tech/win32priorityseparation/).


# Win32PrioritySeparation Tool

It's' a tool to quickly adjust Win32 Priority Separation Registry Key On Windows.

According to the input lag discussion on the [Thread](https://forums.blurbusters.com/viewtopic.php?t=8535) On Blur Busters forum.

This tool can be easily adjusted.

![1710398847171](image/Readme/1710398847171.png)

## Download

Current Release: [v1.0.0](https://github.com/keoy7am/Win32PrioritySeparationTool/releases/download/v1.0.0/Win32PrioritySeparationTool_1.0.0.zip)

## Usage

Just choose which option you prefer.  
ref: [https://forums.guru3d.com/threads/faq-of-the-software-operating-systems-section.155424/#post-1451631](https://forums.guru3d.com/threads/faq-of-the-software-operating-systems-section.155424/#post-1451631)

| **Decimal** | **Hex** | **Description**                     |
| ----------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| 2                 | 2             | Windows Default.                          |
| 20                | 14            | Long, Variable, No foreground boost.      |
| 21                | 15            | Long, Variable, Medium foreground boost.  |
| 22                | 16            | Long, Variable, High foreground boost.    |
| 24                | 18            | Long, Fixed, No foreground boost.         |
| 25                | 19            | Long, Fixed, Medium foreground boost.     |
| 26                | 1A            | Long, Fixed, High foreground boost.       |
| 36                | 24            | Short, Variable, No foreground boost.     |
| 37                | 25            | Short, Variable, Medium foreground boost. |
| 38                | 26            | Short, Variable, High foreground boost.   |
| 40                | 28            | Short, Fixed, No foreground boost.        |
| 41                | 29            | Short, Fixed, Medium foreground boost.    |
| 42                | 2A            | Short, Fixed, High foreground boost.      |
